Update and rename AUTHORS to INITIAL_AUTHORS.md (#769)
math-comp/math-comp: INITIAL_AUTHORS.md

> Here are the initial authors of this libary, other contributors can be found in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the initial authors of this library which contributed to its development before the project moved to Github (the version control [history before github](https://github.com/math-comp/mathcomp-history-before-github) can still be accessed). Recent contributors can be found in
```

> the [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/math-comp/math-comp/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: wrong link?

Author: ```suggestion
the [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/math-comp/math-comp/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
```
